time Batman fully I walk away
you
camera bastard caught me off guard you
shouldn't have dropped it if you were
any kind of man over car over and finish
this property you had your chance it's
over I'll kill you back man then you
better hope someone puts up the bounty
this very man doesn't need
I'll deliver you for free
move its laid you call this a prison you
think it's wise to put me in here with
all these lesser warriors you might not
have any prisoners left when you return
I hope whatever they paid you was worth
its laid the chance to fight you is
always worth it Batman I'm flattered you
should be when a man earns my respect
that means I do not rest I devote all of
my energy everything I have killing him
I don't care who you are you're dying
just the same I'm going to make it my
personal mission to kill you when i get
out of here Batman the army was never my
idea I prefer more intimate approach
twisting the blade your blood running
over my hand next time compadre next
time the fiery bit my sodas I don't care
who you are you're dying just the same
you